README.md, before:

# HYPERPIXEL
## Corneal Image Segmentation Web Service

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rvshi/ImageProcessorS18.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rvshi/ImageProcessorS18) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/imageprocessors18/badge/?version=latest)](http://imageprocessors18.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

__Team:__ 59ers

__Team Members:__ Harvey Shi (@rvshi), Edward Liang (@edl11), Michelle Wei (@michellewei04)

__Course:__ Duke BME 590-05 Medical Software Design (Spring 2018)

__Try It Here:__ https://harveyshi.com/ImageProcessorS18/

__See A Demo:__ https://youtu.be/1ffBEW7qsT0


<img src="screenshots/login.png" width="85%" />
<img src="screenshots/dashboard.png" width="85%" />

## Introduction

Hyperpixel is web service for segmenting corneal images using [Otsu's Method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otsu's_method).
- Hyperpixel provides a backend API for user login, uploading, processing, and downloading images.
- The API is authenticated via JSON web tokens.
- The backend connects to a database for keeping track of users.
- The most recently uploaded and processed images are saved on the server.
- A frontend website is also included, which leverages all the API endpoints.

## Under the hood
### Backend
- Consists of a Flask server and MongoDB database running via [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/).
- Caches the most recent image for each user.
- Segmentation using Otsu's method is carried out via [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org).
- Request validation is handled by [jsonschema](https://pypi.org/project/jsonschema/).
### Frontend
- A static website built using [React](https://reactjs.org/).
- Responsive custom CSS.
- [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) for requests.
- [react-gh-pages](https://github.com/gitname/react-gh-pages) for deployment.


## Usage
### Backend
- First, install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).
- Create a file called `secret_key.py` in the `backend/` directory with the following contents (make sure to change the SECRET_KEY variable):

```python
SECRET_KEY = 'exampleKey'
```

- The latter file is for the JWT generation process.
- Run `docker-compose up -d` in the repo root directory to begin running the service (both backend and database).
- Type `docker ps` to check that the backend and database are running.
### Frontend
- First, navigate to the `frontend/` folder.
- To test the website locally, run `npm run start`.
- Note, you may want to change the `baseURL` variable in [requests.js](frontend/src/requests.js) to point to your backend URL.
- To build the site for production, run `npm run build`. The production files will be in the `build/` directory.
  - You can then serve the files statically.

Commit message:

Updates the README with info on how to add users to the db.

README.md, after:

# HYPERPIXEL
## Corneal Image Segmentation Web Service

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rvshi/ImageProcessorS18.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rvshi/ImageProcessorS18) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/imageprocessors18/badge/?version=latest)](http://imageprocessors18.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

__Team:__ 59ers

__Team Members:__ Harvey Shi (@rvshi), Edward Liang (@edl11), Michelle Wei (@michellewei04)

__Course:__ Duke BME 590-05 Medical Software Design (Spring 2018)

__Try It Here:__ https://harveyshi.com/ImageProcessorS18/

__See A Demo:__ https://youtu.be/1ffBEW7qsT0


<img src="screenshots/login.png" width="85%" />
<img src="screenshots/dashboard.png" width="85%" />

## Introduction

Hyperpixel is web service for segmenting corneal images using [Otsu's Method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otsu's_method).
- Hyperpixel provides a backend API for user login, uploading, processing, and downloading images.
- The API is authenticated via JSON web tokens.
- The backend connects to a database for keeping track of users.
- The most recently uploaded and processed images are saved on the server.
- A frontend website is also included, which leverages all the API endpoints.

## Under the hood
### Backend
- Consists of a Flask server and MongoDB database running via [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/).
- Caches the most recent image for each user.
- Segmentation using Otsu's method is carried out via [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org).
- Request validation is handled by [jsonschema](https://pypi.org/project/jsonschema/).
### Frontend
- A static website built using [React](https://reactjs.org/).
- Responsive custom CSS.
- [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) for requests.
- [react-gh-pages](https://github.com/gitname/react-gh-pages) for deployment.


## Usage
### Backend
- First, install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).
- Create a file called `secret_key.py` in the `backend/` directory with the following contents (make sure to change the SECRET_KEY variable):

```python
SECRET_KEY = 'exampleKey'
```

- The latter file is for the JWT generation process.
- To add users to the database:
  - Start only the database by running `./run_db.sh`.
  - Use the `add_user(username, password)` function in [database.py](backend/database.py) to add all the users you want.
  - Note: you will need to change the [database.py](backend/database.py) line `connect("mongodb://mongo:27017/database")` to  `connect("mongodb://localhost:27017/database")` to be able to access the database locally.
- To run the service for production, run `docker-compose up -d` in the repo root directory to build both the backend and database containers and to run the service.
  - Type `docker ps` to check that the backend and database are running.
  - To view logs, look for the `backend.log` file in the [backend](backend/) folder.
### Frontend
- First, navigate to the [frontend/](frontend/) folder.
  - To test the website locally, run `npm run start`.
  - Note, you may want to change the `baseURL` variable in [requests.js](frontend/src/requests.js) to point to your backend URL.
- To build the site for production, run `npm run build`. The production files will be in the `build/` directory.
  - You can then serve the files statically.
